Denote that the Sentry plugin doesn't generate SM (#4904)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps/generate/javascript.mdx

> Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. Note that the directions below ensure that your source maps can be uploaded to Sentry, but you must generate them.

Author: Don't we want to say explicitly that Sentry's Webpack plugin doesn't generate the sourcemaps?

> Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. Note that the directions below ensure that your source maps can be uploaded to Sentry, but you must generate them.

Reviewer: This works for me! I wasn't sure how to phrase this but didn't want to close this to create an issue if we could just figure it out on the existing PR. @yuval-sentry does this work for you?

> Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. Note that the directions below ensure that your source maps can be uploaded to Sentry, but you must generate them.

Reviewer 2: @yuval-sentry Ah I didn't know you were referring to the webpack plugin. I think we should adjust the webpack section rather than the top of the page. I agree that the wording there is slightly confusing because it implies that the plugin generates source-maps, whereas it's actually the `devtool` option. Let me quickly whip up a commit.

> Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. Note that the directions below ensure that your source maps can be uploaded to Sentry, but you must generate them.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I took the liberty of updating the relevant section. Lmk what you think. Feel also free to make any additional changes!

> Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. Note that the directions below ensure that your source maps can be uploaded to Sentry, but you must generate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools. 
```

<Note>

We recommend using Sentry's [Webpack plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin) to configure source maps and upload them automatically during the build.

> * Sentry Webpack plugin does not generate sourcemaps, it does the upload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's Webpack plugin does not generate source maps, but it does the upload them. 

```
